hi I'm Alicia I live in Italy I'm 34
years old I come from Florence she's in
Tuscany I work for a very big American
company as a project manager and I
really like to enjoy the writing on the
gsm which is my back as well
is my first time in Laos of course and
but i've been working in thailand I was
expecting Laos to be lets say somehow
similar to Thailand the difference is
very huge but at least the landscape is
still area so the jungle the people the
animals and in that time when I was in
Thailand I was really looking forward to
have my bike with me and ride it in that
place
the difference is huge you can feel it
as soon as you step on the bike it feels
like more much more light than the other
version the handling is much brother
it's like a muppet and especially in the
in the front wheel it's very light and
this helps in many situation in the dirt
roads and I like a lot the mode
selection on the bike because it makes
you change the full setting of the bike
regarding special abs ASC model mapping
in just in one click so you can select
whatever mode you like and just write it
and enjoy I really like the power of the
motor coach is it's simply huge it's a
push you out from the curve like a
bullet you open the throttle and it
never sent the red line you just change
gear
you
the bike is universal language children
you don't need to speak that much and
you can easily understand the people or
let them understand you with the checks
to you know something as an Italian I'm
used to have
that the pressure go up
you
it's a BMW so he's not just a brand it's
an attitude she has attitude it's a way
of of traveling it's a way of writing
it's a way to be the GS traveler
it's about people sharing it's about
writing it's about the bite is about the
brand and all these make the best recipe
for the ride of my life